---
layout: post
title: (def brunch '1st-Annual-Lisp-in-the-Backyard-February-16)
type: 'event'
---

# (def brunch '1st-Annual-Lisp-in-the-Backyard-February-16) <br>

Sunday, February 16<br>
11:22AM until late <br>

You may have heard by now: the future has _finally fucking arrived_. Lisp,
functional programming, and managed concurrency are now mainstream and it's
just about as awesome as you think it'd be.

David+[Aysylu](http://aysy.lu/) and I recently gave a
[Clojure lecture](http://flausenhaus.org/lambda/) at MIT, but didn't actually
have a workshop. The plan for this event:

1. you come over <br>
2. eat breakfast/brunch/lunch <br>
3. *brief* presentation on Clojure (like a half hour) a bit after lunch <br>
4. I help you setup an environment and start writing stuff immediately <br>

Because we're politically incorrect, we'll have tapas or something (you know, a
Lisp bwunch and all). Discussions about the typed-λ calculus will be strictly
restricted to Scott's porch.

I will elaborate, this is not a joke. Unlike the birthday brunch hackathon in
October, this afternoon will feature lots and lots of typing. This also meant
to be open-minded, friendly, and comfortable. Anyone can and should come,
regardless of prior programming experience or quantitative abilities. You will
definitely need to bring a computer.

RSVP if you can make it, and let me know if you're bringing guests or food to
share.

On the behalf of the 1611 λ Calculus Club,<br>
Buro
<br>
<br>
# The Usual Details
- *When?* 11:22AM! Sunday (2/16).
- *Where?* Email [Buro](mailto:mookerji@gmail.com) for the address.
- *Directions*:<br>
  Walk: 15 minutes: west from 24th Mission/BART, down Church. <br>
  Bus/Train: Two blocks north of 30th/Church on Muni J and 24 bus <br>
  Other: Plenty of bike parking <br>
