---
layout: post
title: Birthday Brunch, 22nd Annual Esoteric Languages Symposium
type: 'event'
---

# Birthday Brunch, 22nd Annual Esoteric Languages Symposium <br>

Dependent Types, LLC, and the 1611 λ-Calculus Society are pleased to
present a birthday brunch and research symposium.

## SCOPE

The **Esoteric Languages Symposium and Birthday Brunch** seeks
submissions at the dubious intersection of brunch and dependent type
theory.

Submissions are invited on all topics, but a good submission is one
that outlines a new food for an interesting, underrepresented recipe
domain. Good submissions may also remind us of dishes that were once
in vogue but have not recently been seen in top brunches or PLT
conferences. Good submissions do not need to propose complete or even
partial entrees, though there should be some reason to believe that
ambitious chefs have the tools necessary to search for solutions in
the area at hand. Submissions that seem likely to stimulate discussion
about the direction of esoteric brunches and/or dependent type theory
are encouraged.

The workshop will be informal and structured to encourage discussion,
but will at least include:<br>

1. A theory of edible materials, including, but not strictly limited
   to, pork, (probably) duck, particularly delicious vegetables,
   beverages, and exceptional company.<br>

2. Exploration of the algebraic closure of Burro programs... or in the
   words of esolang:<br>

     *"[Bur(r)o](http://esolangs.org/wiki/Burro) is a brainfuck-like
      [language](https://github.com/catseye/Burro/blob/master/src/Burro.lhs),
      the set of whose programs form an algebraic group under the
      operation of concatenation and over the equivalence relation
      "computes the same function"."*

## DATES

Saturday, October 18, 2014

## PROGRAM

11:22AM Brunch (but really, waiting)<br>
12:22PM Actual brunch (probably)<br>
12:23PM Track µ (Chairs: Mookerji, Doenlen): Milling about, existential quantification<br>
6:22PM Program committee awards for best and worst new Burro programs (and their inverses)<br>
7:22PM Customary evening walkabout<br>

## DEADLINE FOR SUBMISSIONS

Please let me know if you're coming (+$n's are encouraged). Bringing
food (and/or ethanol-derived beverages) would be great as
well. Saturday morning kitchen use will also require optimistic
scheduling beforehand.

## LOGISTICS

Location: 1611 Church St, SF (just SE of 28th and Church)<br>
Walk: 15 minutes: west from 24th Mission/BART, down Church.<br>
Bus/Train: Two blocks north of 30th/Church on Muni J and 24 bus<br>
Other: Plenty of bike parking<br>



**Sincerely**,

**The Program Committee**

Buro Mookerji, *Chair*<br>
Yuanyu Chen, *Chairwoman Emerita*<br>
Joshua Horowitz, *Chief Existentialist, LØL Research, Inc.*<br>
Umaimah Khan, *Esotericist, Advanced Goats, San Diego, CA*<br>
D. Scott Kovach, *Senior VP of λμ-Calculus Affairs, Dependent Types, LLC*<br>
Christopher Merrill, *COO, Superior SKI Combinators and Bivalves*<br>
Cinjon Resnick, *Author of "Eager, Strict, and Definitely Not Lazy"*<br>
